news.ycombinator.com           85 milliseconds
en.wikipedia.org               4658 milliseconds
books.google.com               378 milliseconds
drive.google.com               54 milliseconds
wallet.google.com              53 milliseconds
www.leginfo.ca.gov             344 milliseconds
books.google.com.sg            160 milliseconds
video.foxnews.com              244 milliseconds
translate.google.com           488 milliseconds
support.google.com             204 milliseconds
www.foxnews.com                664 milliseconds
maps.google.com                217 milliseconds
maps.google.com                219 milliseconds
video.google.com               209 milliseconds
www.google.com                 264 milliseconds
www.csmonitor.com              941 milliseconds
www.blogger.com                411 milliseconds
latino.foxnews.com             156 milliseconds
plus.google.com                349 milliseconds
accounts.google.com            349 milliseconds
www.facebook.com               832 milliseconds
www.dhs.gov                    852 milliseconds
www.usnews.com                 1961 milliseconds
cpi.transparency.org           1276 milliseconds
www.globalissues.org           1539 milliseconds
factfinder.census.gov          1587 milliseconds
www.webcitation.org            2410 milliseconds
www.britannica.com             1542 milliseconds
cbo.gov                        2085 milliseconds
www.whitehouse.gov             2246 milliseconds
opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com  2412 milliseconds
www.treasurydirect.gov         1732 milliseconds
booksearch.blogspot.com        1167 milliseconds
usnews.nbcnews.com             2544 milliseconds
www.ucrdatatool.gov            2771 milliseconds
www.youtube.com                3253 milliseconds
iwin.iwd.state.ia.us           2356 milliseconds
twitter.com                    1452 milliseconds
www.cbsnews.com                1884 milliseconds
spanish.madrid.usembassy.gov   4283 milliseconds
link.csmonitor.com             1463 milliseconds
www.twitter.com                1774 milliseconds
www.npr.org                    4446 milliseconds
disqus.com                     1524 milliseconds
features.pewforum.org          3764 milliseconds
www.bbc.co.uk                  4667 milliseconds
www.cfr.org                    1958 milliseconds
feeds.foxbusiness.com          988 milliseconds
w1.buysub.com                  1476 milliseconds
www.pewforum.org               5529 milliseconds
health.usnews.com              1053 milliseconds
www.linkedin.com               1198 milliseconds
www.stumbleupon.com            1322 milliseconds
www.reddit.com                 1349 milliseconds
articles.latimes.com           3190 milliseconds
www.foxbusiness.com            1036 milliseconds
m.csmonitor.com                3190 milliseconds
www.businessinsider.com        1232 milliseconds
www.nbcnews.com                5839 milliseconds
usatoday30.usatoday.com        4744 milliseconds
www.hoover.org                 5328 milliseconds
youtu.be                       1209 milliseconds
www.vimeo.com                  1264 milliseconds
mediakit.usnews.com            2381 milliseconds
www.flickr.com                 1518 milliseconds
www.feedblitz.com              2355 milliseconds
www.guardian.co.uk             1318 milliseconds
usa.gov                        1271 milliseconds
www.msn.com                    1458 milliseconds
www.msnbc.msn.com              1883 milliseconds
educationusa.state.gov         1858 milliseconds
www.straightdope.com           3259 milliseconds
booksearch.blogspot.sg         3450 milliseconds
www.doingbusiness.org          2152 milliseconds
www.nationalsexstudy.indiana.edu 2690 milliseconds
www.census.gov                 6238 milliseconds
g.msn.com                      2038 milliseconds
usnews.rankingsandreviews.com  5989 milliseconds
works.bepress.com              4911 milliseconds
abcnews.go.com                 7029 milliseconds
nbcnews.com                    1758 milliseconds
nbcsports.com                  1631 milliseconds
www.pbs.org                    9753 milliseconds
info.evidon.com                2992 milliseconds
www.newgeography.com           4596 milliseconds
www.transparency.org           6813 milliseconds
state.gov                      3521 milliseconds
marketplace.publicradio.org    1821 milliseconds
www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org    10606 milliseconds
storycorps.org                 1837 milliseconds
travel.usnews.com              6453 milliseconds
www.cartalk.com                1846 milliseconds
www.deathpenaltyinfo.org       10836 milliseconds
www.fbi.gov                    3529 milliseconds
www.onpointradio.org           2178 milliseconds
www.reagan.utexas.edu          4491 milliseconds
npr.org                        2175 milliseconds
msnbc.com                      1843 milliseconds
www.usdoj.gov                  2774 milliseconds
help.disqus.com                1767 milliseconds
www.radiolab.org               1744 milliseconds
www.fromthetop.org             3845 milliseconds
www.defenselink.mil            4175 milliseconds
exchanges.state.gov            5870 milliseconds
recode.net                     7159 milliseconds
archive.is                     10913 milliseconds
docs.disqus.com                2155 milliseconds
blog.disqus.com                1629 milliseconds
video.usnews.com               7068 milliseconds
hereandnow.wbur.org            5097 milliseconds
data.bls.gov                   7571 milliseconds
pewforum.org                   2516 milliseconds
americanmanufacturing.org      7766 milliseconds
www.regulations.gov            2740 milliseconds
blogs.wsj.com                  5855 milliseconds
www.onthemedia.org             1560 milliseconds
jobs.aol.com                   8984 milliseconds
disqusinquiry.wufoo.com        1907 milliseconds
pewresearch.org                2924 milliseconds
www.pewresearch.org            2305 milliseconds
eepurl.com                     1961 milliseconds
news.google.com                12471 milliseconds
www.adobe.com                  1868 milliseconds
shop.npr.org                   1314 milliseconds
www.puertorico.com             11788 milliseconds
www.people-press.org           1312 milliseconds
www.pewsocialtrends.org        1313 milliseconds
advertising.bbcworldwide.com   1300 milliseconds
www.pewhispanic.org            1310 milliseconds
www.pewinternet.org            1323 milliseconds
www.sciencefriday.com          3810 milliseconds
shop.bbc.com                   1265 milliseconds
tours.npr.org                  3154 milliseconds
washington.cbslocal.com        14000 milliseconds
digg.com                       1619 milliseconds
reddit.com                     2023 milliseconds
www.reuters.com                12934 milliseconds
www.heritage.org               8926 milliseconds
www.peacockproductions.tv      5015 milliseconds
m.bbc.co.uk                    2108 milliseconds
del.icio.us                    1663 milliseconds
spanish.barcelona.usconsulate.gov 9302 milliseconds
www.fulbright.es               6108 milliseconds
madrid.usembassy.gov           9726 milliseconds
www.iowaworkforce.org          6305 milliseconds
www.theatlantic.com            11887 milliseconds
local.latimes.com              1441 milliseconds
religion.blogs.cnn.com         10282 milliseconds
www.jstor.org                  1579 milliseconds
money.usnews.com               11345 milliseconds
travel.state.gov               2157 milliseconds
instagram.com                  9615 milliseconds
cia-world-factbook.realclearworld.com 1599 milliseconds
projects.latimes.com           1816 milliseconds
www.trbimg.com                 1912 milliseconds
bing.com                       1284 milliseconds
msn.whitepages.com             1639 milliseconds
eca.state.gov                  7098 milliseconds
money.cnn.com                  9080 milliseconds
fanshop.latimes.com            1873 milliseconds
circulars.latimes.com          2279 milliseconds
membership.latimes.com         2623 milliseconds
www.worldcat.org               10524 milliseconds
www.bing.com                   1129 milliseconds
www.journalism.org             4899 milliseconds
autos.msn.com                  1847 milliseconds
www.pewglobal.org              5104 milliseconds
www.state.gov                  11432 milliseconds
latimesblogs.latimes.com       1937 milliseconds
www.grantland.com              2003 milliseconds
joe.msnbc.com                  1966 milliseconds
astrocenter.astrology.msn.com  2402 milliseconds
www.vancouver2010.com          2417 milliseconds
www.dailyfinance.com           16143 milliseconds
careers.msn.com                2054 milliseconds
hardball.msnbc.com             2076 milliseconds
nightly.msnbc.com              2130 milliseconds
mtp.msnbc.com                  2097 milliseconds
deals.latimes.com              2631 milliseconds
rachel.msnbc.com               2025 milliseconds
yellowpages.msn.com            1981 milliseconds
tv.msnbc.com                   2338 milliseconds
openchannel.nbcnews.com        2134 milliseconds
games.latimes.com              2524 milliseconds
prairiehome.publicradio.org    9571 milliseconds
www.thisamericanlife.org       6936 milliseconds
insidesearch.blogspot.com      1415 milliseconds
framework.latimes.com          6849 milliseconds
travel.usatoday.com            1850 milliseconds
www.washingtonpost.com         16461 milliseconds
swampland.time.com             14802 milliseconds
www.salon.com                  6010 milliseconds
goo.gl                         1370 milliseconds
store.latimes.com              5355 milliseconds
vimeo.com                      2102 milliseconds
bestlawfirms.usnews.com        14578 milliseconds
google.com                     1143 milliseconds
youtube.com                    1466 milliseconds
www.rasmussenreports.com       5962 milliseconds
email.usatoday.com             1929 milliseconds
moneycentral.msn.com           4084 milliseconds
www.usatodaysubscribe.com      2446 milliseconds
www.bbc.com                    7705 milliseconds
today.com                      1680 milliseconds
whc.unesco.org                 5250 milliseconds
yourlife.usatoday.com          2062 milliseconds
recipes.latimes.com            2911 milliseconds
www.linkwithin.com             2240 milliseconds
www.gulfhypoxia.net            7305 milliseconds
nbcpolitics.nbcnews.com        4653 milliseconds
weather.com                    2583 milliseconds
www.latimes.com                8030 milliseconds
annerice.com                   1764 milliseconds
alumni.state.gov               1974 milliseconds
www.pewtrusts.org              10140 milliseconds
zone.msn.com                   7735 milliseconds
www.quantcast.com              2670 milliseconds
wonderwall.msn.com             6639 milliseconds
offersanddeals.latimes.com     4931 milliseconds
taxfoundation.org              8224 milliseconds
twitter.usatoday.com           2514 milliseconds
onthemap.ces.census.gov        2918 milliseconds
greyhill.com                   6300 milliseconds
burghdiaspora.blogspot.com     1276 milliseconds
worldnews.nbcnews.com          5344 milliseconds
www.worldwatch.org             8538 milliseconds
www.joelkotkin.com             1615 milliseconds
www.mysportsweekly.com         2167 milliseconds
my.msn.com                     5243 milliseconds
www.vanderbilt.edu             1997 milliseconds
nbcsports.msnbc.com            1573 milliseconds
www.praxissg.com               1946 milliseconds
casualties.usatoday.com        1965 milliseconds
www.alexa.com                  7976 milliseconds
www.bepress.com                2374 milliseconds
demographia.blogspot.com       1424 milliseconds
network.bepress.com            2141 milliseconds
downtownnewhaven.blogspot.com  1342 milliseconds
thin.npr.org                   2177 milliseconds
www.clucerf.org                2193 milliseconds
www.newsvine.com               3768 milliseconds
traveltips.usatoday.com        1731 milliseconds
behindthewall.nbcnews.com      2744 milliseconds
nymedshow.com                  1738 milliseconds
www.sexualhealth.indiana.edu   1739 milliseconds
houstonstrategies.blogspot.com 1826 milliseconds
religions.pewforum.org         11571 milliseconds
www.usatodaycollege.com        3037 milliseconds
laborlou.com                   1804 milliseconds
www.delish.com                 8292 milliseconds
nalert.blogspot.com            1788 milliseconds
nbc.com                        2232 milliseconds
www.aere.org                   2986 milliseconds
irjci.blogspot.com             1499 milliseconds
xin.msn.com                    5758 milliseconds
datadesk.latimes.com           10879 milliseconds
boards.straightdope.com        7172 milliseconds
www.ghostery.com               2614 milliseconds
tags.bluekai.com               2473 milliseconds
www.newswise.com               9743 milliseconds
www.nber.org                   4879 milliseconds
www.grinzo.com                 2330 milliseconds
bltwy.msnbc.msn.com            4907 milliseconds
www.sgptv.org                  3832 milliseconds
www.the-aarc.org               2236 milliseconds
www.cbpp.illinois.edu          4497 milliseconds
www.politico.com               1716 milliseconds
thoughtpublishing.org          2634 milliseconds
www.secondshelters.com         1823 milliseconds
www.cpb.org                    4434 milliseconds
dateline.msnbc.com             10560 milliseconds
www.aboutads.info              3369 milliseconds
theelectoralmap.com            1693 milliseconds
factfinder2.census.gov         2742 milliseconds
www.amazon.com                 23421 milliseconds
thedianerehmshow.org           6371 milliseconds
blog.transparency.org          1548 milliseconds
www.urbanophile.com            1550 milliseconds
abc.com                        2057 milliseconds
bpi.transparency.org           2375 milliseconds
secure.nbcnews.com             16211 milliseconds
moments.latimes.com            13107 milliseconds
www.cnbc.com                   1761 milliseconds
www.indiana.edu                4028 milliseconds
www.sfmoma.org                 8105 milliseconds
sharek.transparency.org        1797 milliseconds
www.today.com                  11833 milliseconds
getpocket.com                  1983 milliseconds
gcb.transparency.org           2455 milliseconds
disneytermsofuse.com           6106 milliseconds
issuu.com                      4016 milliseconds
www.marketwatch.com            1614 milliseconds
www.mathworks.com              1886 milliseconds
t.co                           2029 milliseconds
reg.e.usatoday.com             7977 milliseconds
register.go.com                2087 milliseconds
www.keepeek.com                2204 milliseconds
lehd.ces.census.gov            18128 milliseconds
m.fbi.gov                      3584 milliseconds
www.sodexo.com                 2676 milliseconds
shops.wsj.com                  1733 milliseconds
www.sciencemag.org             16033 milliseconds
feeds2.feedburner.com          7289 milliseconds
portfolio.wsj.com              1709 milliseconds
wsjstudent.com                 2042 milliseconds
vip.wordpress.com              4125 milliseconds
www.laobserved.com             8151 milliseconds
search.twitter.com             2227 milliseconds
deathpenaltyinfo.org           6364 milliseconds
www.smartmoney.com             1992 milliseconds
www.advancingafreesociety.org  11872 milliseconds
www.evidon.com                 5398 milliseconds
djx.wsj.com                    2775 milliseconds
online.barrons.com             2867 milliseconds
dj.wsj.com                     3281 milliseconds
subscriptions.bls.gov          2174 milliseconds
www.epi.org                    17455 milliseconds
europe.wsj.com                 1863 milliseconds
classroom.wsj.com              1865 milliseconds
www.wgbh.org                   8640 milliseconds
kr.wsj.com                     2117 milliseconds
online.wsj.com                 2390 milliseconds
www.bangkokpost.com            1977 milliseconds
colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com 11245 milliseconds
firstread.nbcnews.com          2388 milliseconds
atvb.ahajournals.org           2020 milliseconds
j1visa.state.gov               5788 milliseconds
www.chinaurbandevelopment.com  10585 milliseconds
www.geekculture.com            1683 milliseconds
crime.latimes.com              17850 milliseconds
www.asiaone.com                1865 milliseconds
foursquare.com                 1937 milliseconds
www.space.com                  12187 milliseconds
www.wallstreetjournal.de       1898 milliseconds
beta.bls.gov                   2374 milliseconds
smithsonianeducationconferences.org 6751 milliseconds
www.oyetimes.com               3332 milliseconds
www.wsjlocal.com               1643 milliseconds
www.gannett.com                15011 milliseconds
ds.wsj.com                     2690 milliseconds
help.wsj.com                   1986 milliseconds
www.5min.com                   1821 milliseconds
www.benefits.gov               6385 milliseconds
content.usatoday.com           12315 milliseconds
www.reaganlibrary.gov          9891 milliseconds
googlenewsblog.blogspot.com    1356 milliseconds
id.wsj.com                     2125 milliseconds
jp.wsj.com                     4886 milliseconds
www.aol.com                    1641 milliseconds
www.nmhco.com                  1685 milliseconds
legal.aol.com                  3738 milliseconds
facebook.com                   2037 milliseconds
directorsblog.blogs.census.gov 10984 milliseconds
wsj.com                        2385 milliseconds
privacy.aol.com                4338 milliseconds
www.nepal.com                  1492 milliseconds
www.virtualcountries.com       1467 milliseconds
www.russia-channel.com         1443 milliseconds
www.scotland.com               1526 milliseconds
www.southafrica.com            1435 milliseconds
go.com                         14977 milliseconds
adinfo.aol.com                 4905 milliseconds
www.irishtimes.com             6080 milliseconds
m.wsj.com                      2737 milliseconds
classifieds.wsj.com            2801 milliseconds
www.newsinc.com                11763 milliseconds
corruptionresearchnetwork.org  13190 milliseconds
rt.com                         5450 milliseconds
www.wsjdigital.com             4930 milliseconds
japandailypress.com            5825 milliseconds
www.radio.com                  1560 milliseconds
news.asiaone.com               7468 milliseconds
multiplier-effect.org          11440 milliseconds
www.disability.gov             2132 milliseconds
events.washington.cbslocal.com 1509 milliseconds
apps.cbslocal.com              1804 milliseconds
www.thewashingtonnote.com      11374 milliseconds
www.ntanet.org                 17400 milliseconds
en.radiovaticana.va            7061 milliseconds
www.wsjwine.com                10123 milliseconds
store.fromthetop.org           9165 milliseconds
tvnz.co.nz                     8853 milliseconds
circulars.cbslocal.com         1873 milliseconds
chrishateswriting.com          13941 milliseconds
appstore.com                   2054 milliseconds
www.foreignaffairs.com         9309 milliseconds
www.theguardian.com            8659 milliseconds
www.dawn.com                   6069 milliseconds
bigcharts.marketwatch.com      9531 milliseconds
www.usatoday.com               22615 milliseconds
grad-schools.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com 18316 milliseconds
pbs.org                        2097 milliseconds
www.shockya.com                4957 milliseconds
offers.cbslocal.com            2297 milliseconds
weather.washington.cbslocal.com 1797 milliseconds
www.mp3.com                    2562 milliseconds
www.oecd.org                   1168 milliseconds
advertising.aol.com            6653 milliseconds
www.cato.org                   10948 milliseconds
it.reuters.com                 1255 milliseconds
www.scifri.org                 4509 milliseconds
www.abc.net.au                 8698 milliseconds
professor.wsj.com              13438 milliseconds
www.austincontrarian.com       20050 milliseconds
www.presstv.ir                 10429 milliseconds
uk.reuters.com                 1308 milliseconds
www.straitstimes.com           10685 milliseconds
polldaddy.com                  1655 milliseconds
genevalunch.com                10210 milliseconds
br.reuters.com                 1280 milliseconds
winter-games.reuters.com       1287 milliseconds
fr.reuters.com                 1279 milliseconds
digg.tumblr.com                4441 milliseconds
reuters.zendesk.com            1283 milliseconds
in.reuters.com                 1363 milliseconds
ir.thomsonreuters.com          1347 milliseconds
www.gmanetwork.com             11301 milliseconds
ru.reuters.com                 1345 milliseconds
www.eco-business.com           10292 milliseconds
secure.heritage.org            1860 milliseconds
www2.census.gov                20960 milliseconds
onesource.thomsonreuters.com   1596 milliseconds
www.accelus.thomsonreuters.com 1931 milliseconds
blogs.reuters.com              2140 milliseconds
ndn.org                        20963 milliseconds
www.mediapolis.com             2882 milliseconds
iowalabormarketinfo.blogspot.com 1412 milliseconds
ca.reuters.com                 4890 milliseconds
mx.reuters.com                 1490 milliseconds
esta.cbp.dhs.gov               2085 milliseconds
nbcsports.nbcnews.com          27547 milliseconds
www.bangladesh.com             9831 milliseconds
newsandinsight.thomsonreuters.com 2333 milliseconds
www.nydailynews.com            10571 milliseconds
betaworks.com                  1480 milliseconds
www.businessweek.com           12049 milliseconds
www.businesstimes.com.sg       12386 milliseconds
amazon.com                     1877 milliseconds
pubads.g.doubleclick.net       1437 milliseconds
www.thejakartaglobe.com        12931 milliseconds
www.ukraine.com                9827 milliseconds
www.thestar.com.my             13103 milliseconds
www.morocco.com                11541 milliseconds
www.thomsonreuters.com         1723 milliseconds
wamu.org                       10766 milliseconds
liveblog.abcnews.go.com        22816 milliseconds
krugman.blogs.nytimes.com      2457 milliseconds
barcelona.usconsulate.gov      3912 milliseconds
www.nationaljournal.com        1355 milliseconds
www.thewire.com                1357 milliseconds
www.theatlanticcities.com      1350 milliseconds
catalan.barcelona.usconsulate.gov 4010 milliseconds
business.asiaone.com           15045 milliseconds
www.last.fm                    9146 milliseconds
www.todayonline.com            13889 milliseconds
policies.cbslocal.com          8208 milliseconds
handbook.reuters.com           2868 milliseconds
parsely.com                    2617 milliseconds
www.thesmartmoney.wordpress.com 1371 milliseconds
igaftr.wordpress.com           1367 milliseconds
www.algeria.com                11986 milliseconds
ara.reuters.com                6120 milliseconds
theophileo.wordpress.com       1361 milliseconds
ar.reuters.com                 6624 milliseconds
www.libertad.org               5940 milliseconds
www.omniture.com               2180 milliseconds
www.reutersreprints.com        3187 milliseconds
es.reuters.com                 5147 milliseconds
blog.longreads.com             2087 milliseconds
lta.reuters.com                7256 milliseconds
www.ecuador.com                12691 milliseconds
www.theglobeandmail.com        14733 milliseconds
www.cnn.com                    1744 milliseconds
www.ets.org                    2303 milliseconds
fulbright.es                   5593 milliseconds
mexico.cnn.com                 1443 milliseconds
pevc.dowjones.com              19635 milliseconds
washingtonexaminer.com         2126 milliseconds
cnn.com                        2004 milliseconds
www.africanamericanhistorymonth.gov 3965 milliseconds
www.nationmaster.com           32467 milliseconds
blogs.montrealgazette.com      15624 milliseconds
en.wordpress.com               1976 milliseconds
www.nicaragua.com              13849 milliseconds
www.nbcuni.com                 7446 milliseconds
topics.wsj.com                 19859 milliseconds
www.myspace.com                2119 milliseconds
places.cbslocal.com            13032 milliseconds
www.cnn.co.jp                  3075 milliseconds
purl.org                       1867 milliseconds
www.fortunecareeropportunities.com 1349 milliseconds
www.fortuneconferences.com     1315 milliseconds
id.loc.gov                     2111 milliseconds
jobsearch.money.cnn.com        1503 milliseconds
www.cnnnewsource.com           1338 milliseconds
feeds.feedburner.com           7178 milliseconds
get.adobe.com                  2422 milliseconds
www.iprcenter.gov              8315 milliseconds
www.archives.gov               24268 milliseconds
www.qz.com                     1210 milliseconds
markets.money.cnn.com          2457 milliseconds
www.stateofthemedia.org        1700 milliseconds
home.autos.msn.com             1268 milliseconds
translations.state.gov         1264 milliseconds
fpc.state.gov                  1260 milliseconds
www.loc.gov                    1790 milliseconds
www.basquetcatala.cat          5196 milliseconds
fansportslive.com              2474 milliseconds
viaf.org                       2275 milliseconds
www.djreprints.com             19280 milliseconds
careers.thomsonreuters.com     7709 milliseconds
www.scmp.com                   16114 milliseconds
www.cnnmoneymediakit.com       4279 milliseconds
de.reuters.com                 9816 milliseconds
events.theatlantic.com         4242 milliseconds
features.journalism.org        3049 milliseconds
greenroom.fromthetop.org       22185 milliseconds
stockscreener.us.reuters.com   6070 milliseconds
portfolio.money.cnn.com        1679 milliseconds
www.parsely.com                7075 milliseconds
www.oclc.org                   2194 milliseconds
www.cricketcountry.com         20476 milliseconds
visitor.r20.constantcontact.com 1792 milliseconds
www.edgecast.com               6454 milliseconds
realestate.money.cnn.com       4113 milliseconds
www.civilianresponsecorps.gov  1190 milliseconds
www.wbur.org                   26021 milliseconds
www.usembassy.gov              2050 milliseconds
www.truthdig.com               21992 milliseconds
www.usajobs.gov                1737 milliseconds
ireport.cnn.com                7891 milliseconds
glo.msn.com                    1943 milliseconds
www.cnnmediainfo.com           4788 milliseconds
events.latimes.com             2191 milliseconds
economy.money.cnn.com          6785 milliseconds
feedproxy.google.com           1195 milliseconds
blog.digg.com                  14682 milliseconds
realestate.msn.com             38078 milliseconds
theatlantic.tumblr.com         9787 milliseconds
ssl.palmcoastd.com             5252 milliseconds
m.state.gov                    3463 milliseconds
business.time.com              4792 milliseconds
pinterest.com                  1873 milliseconds
openid.net                     2908 milliseconds
dailyfinance.search.aol.com    1332 milliseconds
www.turner.com                 8133 milliseconds
www.zergnet.com                1810 milliseconds
privacy.tribune.com            1190 milliseconds
apps.usa.gov                   3447 milliseconds
qz.com                         9370 milliseconds
search.state.gov               3083 milliseconds
www.timeincreprints.com        5851 milliseconds
www.timeincnewsgroupcustompub.com 7554 milliseconds
americanpublicmedia.publicradio.org 1304 milliseconds
diplomacy.state.gov            6463 milliseconds
theatlantic.com                1935 milliseconds
www.techcrunch.com             3568 milliseconds
thomsonreuters.com             13975 milliseconds
www.atlanticmedia.com          10470 milliseconds
transcripts.cnn.com            9526 milliseconds
www.adoption.state.gov         1421 milliseconds
heritageaction.com             16331 milliseconds
id.worldcat.org                5286 milliseconds
history.state.gov              4087 milliseconds
www.americanpublicmedia.org    1998 milliseconds
careers.state.gov              7264 milliseconds
www.usun.state.gov             7474 milliseconds
www.pmddtc.state.gov           6628 milliseconds
www.freakonomics.com           1720 milliseconds
2001-2009.state.gov            5280 milliseconds
www.pepfar.gov                 7534 milliseconds
iocareers.state.gov            6236 milliseconds
www.publicradiotuner.com       968 milliseconds
video.state.gov                6369 milliseconds
www.interactivedata.com        4316 milliseconds
www.eia.doe.gov                1688 milliseconds
hoylosangeles.com              7349 milliseconds
www.cnnchile.com               13028 milliseconds
www.indeed.com                 12472 milliseconds
bleacherreport.com             14325 milliseconds
live.wsj.com                   31024 milliseconds
www.w3.org                     12838 milliseconds
video.foxbusiness.com          5966 milliseconds
oig.state.gov                  9292 milliseconds
www.defense.gov                18601 milliseconds
www.cnnexpansion.com           14658 milliseconds
americanenglish.state.gov      18831 milliseconds
onbeing.org                    1289 milliseconds
indo.wsj.com                   32074 milliseconds
www.hbindependent.com          954 milliseconds
info.americanpublicmediagroup.org 5808 milliseconds
growth.newamerica.net          34521 milliseconds
www.multimediamuse.org         1319 milliseconds
insidesearch.blogspot.sg       4772 milliseconds
travel.aol.com                 7477 milliseconds
americanradioworks.publicradio.org 4963 milliseconds
thetexastornados.com           2193 milliseconds
www.mediastorm.com             1127 milliseconds
www.interactivenarratives.org  1268 milliseconds
www.nppa.org                   1317 milliseconds
www.aphotoaday.org             1147 milliseconds
jp.reuters.com                 23241 milliseconds
schema.org                     10423 milliseconds
saintpaulsunday.publicradio.org 5919 milliseconds
cn.wsj.com                     33840 milliseconds
www.asleepatthewheel.com       2794 milliseconds
symphonycast.publicradio.org   2701 milliseconds
www.efinancialnews.com         32704 milliseconds
www.batstrading.com            8217 milliseconds
cnnmoneytech.tumblr.com        13365 milliseconds
www.aperture.org               2168 milliseconds
asia.wsj.com                   35337 milliseconds
contribute.publicradio.org     1499 milliseconds
conx.state.gov                 21831 milliseconds
www.publicradio.org            7539 milliseconds
lacanadaonline.com             1447 milliseconds
realestate.aol.com             6549 milliseconds
chicagopublicmedia.org         1937 milliseconds
www.stuart-duncan.com          6653 milliseconds
washingtonpostwine.com         1336 milliseconds
www.cnnturk.com                15878 milliseconds
statedept.tumblr.com           11439 milliseconds
posttv.com                     2003 milliseconds
www.miusa.org                  12967 milliseconds
feeds.washingtonpost.com       1709 milliseconds
www.pictorymag.com             2401 milliseconds
performancetoday.publicradio.org 9993 milliseconds
www.turnerstoreonline.com      20680 milliseconds
www.ktla.com                   4157 milliseconds
www.time.com                   1453 milliseconds
www.multimediashooter.com      1844 milliseconds
blogs.state.gov                4177 milliseconds
www.tribune.com                3534 milliseconds
account.washingtonpost.com     1629 milliseconds
plusone.google.com             974 milliseconds
www.tumblr.com                 1684 milliseconds
themonkeycage.org              3092 milliseconds
www.usaid.gov                  14047 milliseconds
www.prettygoodgoods.org        10692 milliseconds
www.katedmonson.com            1327 milliseconds
autos.aol.com                  16011 milliseconds
knowmore.washingtonpost.com    4069 milliseconds
www.servicealley.com           1280 milliseconds
livefyre.com                   1779 milliseconds
world.time.com                 19775 milliseconds
india.wsj.com                  40461 milliseconds
www.chicagopublicmedia.org     6419 milliseconds
www.timeforkids.com            1738 milliseconds
mixx.com                       1837 milliseconds
delicious.com                  3451 milliseconds
www.10best.com                 14923 milliseconds
longreads.com                  26227 milliseconds
www.ryman.com                  1539 milliseconds
www.burbankleader.com          23583 milliseconds
thetimejumpers.com             1342 milliseconds
life.time.com                  5693 milliseconds
myhomemsn.com                  1060 milliseconds
lens.blogs.nytimes.com         13035 milliseconds
advertise.latimes.com          1642 milliseconds
www.boston.com                 11195 milliseconds
gplus.to                       3000 milliseconds
clikhear.palmbeachpost.com     12871 milliseconds
support.livefyre.com           1601 milliseconds
games.washingtonpost.com       5416 milliseconds
www.ppagla.org                 12625 milliseconds
www.viiphoto.com               1552 milliseconds
www.unesco.org                 1359 milliseconds
www.wsj.com.tr                 42198 milliseconds
go.microsoft.com               1207 milliseconds
explore.live.com               1455 milliseconds
learn.dailyfinance.com         9400 milliseconds
topics.time.com                6515 milliseconds
www.glendalenewspress.com      26527 milliseconds
money.msn.com                  981 milliseconds
scoop.it                       6820 milliseconds
arabic.cnn.com                 25958 milliseconds
time100.time.com               8845 milliseconds
www.morningstar.com            1213 milliseconds
nation.time.com                9620 milliseconds
challenges.dailyfinance.com    4875 milliseconds
www.uis.unesco.org             1259 milliseconds
www.unesco.jp                  1061 milliseconds
www.bestlawyers.com            1661 milliseconds
mail.live.com                  2275 milliseconds
advertising.microsoft.com      1983 milliseconds
ebm.cheetahmail.com            5657 milliseconds
www.theaustralian.com.au       1698 milliseconds
kobreguide.com                 12785 milliseconds
calendar.live.com              1025 milliseconds
www.bbchindi.com               2421 milliseconds
www.coastlinepilot.com         27785 milliseconds
wp.me                          1742 milliseconds
www.microsoft.com              3584 milliseconds
www.photoattorney.com          11321 milliseconds
www.msnbc.com                  22490 milliseconds
photography.nationalgeographic.com 15871 milliseconds
washpost.bloomberg.com         8678 milliseconds
newsfeed.time.com              11811 milliseconds
www.mugo.ca                    4009 milliseconds
www.noaa.gov                   995 milliseconds
www.vivelohoy.com              9581 milliseconds
www.nps.gov                    1375 milliseconds
www.hoylosangeles.com          1443 milliseconds
advertising.msn.com            1636 milliseconds
lightbox.time.com              6609 milliseconds
store.thisamericanlife.org     3488 milliseconds
www.thecapitoldeal.com         13799 milliseconds
pipedreams.publicradio.org     17939 milliseconds
socialdocumentary.net          14790 milliseconds
www.upworthy.com               8116 milliseconds
www.pewhealth.org              2545 milliseconds
texasperformingarts.org        18947 milliseconds
photojournalismlinks.com       15536 milliseconds
www.burnmagazine.org           18490 milliseconds
entertainment.msn.com          1586 milliseconds
www.pri.org                    18613 milliseconds
entertainment.time.com         14849 milliseconds
www.theunrealagency.com        2066 milliseconds
timemagazine.tumblr.com        14627 milliseconds
www.indiebound.org             2247 milliseconds
keepingscore.blogs.time.com    13664 milliseconds
herocomplex.latimes.com        6203 milliseconds
thephotobrigade.com            11595 milliseconds
poy.time.com                   12791 milliseconds
techland.time.com              16481 milliseconds
www.crestchevrolet.com         814 milliseconds
www.ontimeshutters.com         2757 milliseconds
salon.tumblr.com               9727 milliseconds
www.clarkadams.com             796 milliseconds
www.dol.gov                    55097 milliseconds
stateofthemedia.org            32279 milliseconds
www.volusion.com               10221 milliseconds
www.barnesandnoble.com         5909 milliseconds
www.timemediakit.com           12796 milliseconds
en.unesco.org                  9153 milliseconds
games.msn.com                  1130 milliseconds
www.bombayfc.com               9826 milliseconds
www.aaautocenter.com           1585 milliseconds
msn.com                        1077 milliseconds
www.olympic.org                30920 milliseconds
www.entertainment.msn.com      1510 milliseconds
vitalsigns.worldwatch.org      4120 milliseconds
insidemsn.wordpress.com        2729 milliseconds
newsblogs.chicagotribune.com   17762 milliseconds
fitbie.msn.com                 2333 milliseconds
www.pewstates.org              7575 milliseconds
trending.latimes.com           7320 milliseconds
www.sportsshooter.com          23131 milliseconds
burghdiaspora.blogspot.sg      5134 milliseconds
digitalcommons.bepress.com     777 milliseconds
now.msn.com                    1090 milliseconds
prettygoodgoods.org            2516 milliseconds
jobs-pct.icims.com             9680 milliseconds
www.sullivansolarpower.com     4831 milliseconds
bermanbraun.com                9253 milliseconds
www.tfgift.org                 843 milliseconds
ocmarketplace.com              2390 milliseconds
www.lacanadaonline.com         38088 milliseconds
www.weather.com                16583 milliseconds
healthland.time.com            21355 milliseconds
writersalmanac.publicradio.org 29522 milliseconds
splendidtable.publicradio.org  1323 milliseconds
download.live.com              1051 milliseconds
duckrabbit.info                14938 milliseconds
www.discovermsn.com            2796 milliseconds
science.time.com               22082 milliseconds
www.yourwaterfrontdreamhome.com 749 milliseconds
unesco.nl                      12222 milliseconds
www.chimneysafetyexperts.com   3632 milliseconds
msn.careerbuilder.com          3705 milliseconds
blogs.sacbee.com               20555 milliseconds
www.renovasolar.com            3499 milliseconds
msn.delish.com                 2478 milliseconds
onmobile.msn.com               3622 milliseconds
newsletters.delish.com         1013 milliseconds
prairiehomecompanion.tumblr.com 30395 milliseconds
www.skype.com                  814 milliseconds
www.economist.com              24242 milliseconds
184.168.173.234                3881 milliseconds
www.pingg.com                  1628 milliseconds
ie9.discoverbing.com           1972 milliseconds
www.mail.live.com              1791 milliseconds
jobs.careerbuilder.com         14044 milliseconds
composersdatebook.publicradio.org 34369 milliseconds
www.wonderwall.com             3899 milliseconds
secure.newsvine.com            1204 milliseconds
articles.bestlawfirms.usnews.com 17217 milliseconds
www.discover.msn.com           1768 milliseconds
www.powells.com                12655 milliseconds
onlinehelp.microsoft.com       2076 milliseconds
downtownnewhaven.blogspot.sg   6465 milliseconds
support.newsvine.com           5801 milliseconds
github.com                     1280 milliseconds
www.socalgas.com               739 milliseconds
www.dailypilot.com             41327 milliseconds
theenvelope.latimes.com        3183 milliseconds
feedback.msn.com               1617 milliseconds
www.mediacorp.com.sg           4604 milliseconds
www.lumcon.edu                 7013 milliseconds
www.appetiteforlife.msn.com    6448 milliseconds
news.msn.com                   12447 milliseconds
ktla.com                       42707 milliseconds
datadesk.github.com            994 milliseconds
weather.sg.msn.com             1314 milliseconds
www.pewenvironment.org         17009 milliseconds
www.sun-sentinel.com           30714 milliseconds
www.mediacorp.sg               6038 milliseconds
lifestyle.msn.com              9642 milliseconds
content.time.com               29541 milliseconds
www.aere2012.com               1991 milliseconds
dateline.nbcnews.com           927 milliseconds
blog.digitalcommons.bepress.com 11449 milliseconds
marketplaceads.latimes.com     3527 milliseconds
onforb.es                      1500 milliseconds
www.womansday.com              10017 milliseconds
music.msn.com                  20286 milliseconds
latimes.com                    1630 milliseconds
suzybogguss.com                1016 milliseconds
www.worldwatch-europe.org      15592 milliseconds
www.greatparkneighborhoods.com 17647 milliseconds
www.business.uiuc.edu          1860 milliseconds
travel.latimes.com             2855 milliseconds
nightly.nbcnews.com            1202 milliseconds
www.standardmedia.co.ke        63903 milliseconds
purplebox.ghostery.com         1129 milliseconds
www.bbb.org                    2363 milliseconds
cheersbarandgrill.newsvine.com 9574 milliseconds
amazon.jobs                    1318 milliseconds
www.amazon.com.au              2140 milliseconds
weather.xin.msn.com            12558 milliseconds
www.the-dma.org                896 milliseconds
amazonlocal.com                800 milliseconds
www.aaaa.org                   1654 milliseconds
wonderwallmsn.tumblr.com       22353 milliseconds
houstonstrategies.blogspot.sg  16422 milliseconds
www.bookworm.com               962 milliseconds
latino.msn.com                 19139 milliseconds
nalert.blogspot.sg             18074 milliseconds
fusion.net                     315 milliseconds
healthyliving.msn.com          22892 milliseconds
catalog-retail.amazon.com      7369 milliseconds
www.6pm.com                    7059 milliseconds
kdp.amazon.com                 672 milliseconds
demographia.blogspot.sg        21977 milliseconds
www.chicagoreader.com          12352 milliseconds
movies.msn.com                 30022 milliseconds
www.createspace.com            672 milliseconds
classifieds.latimes.com        24436 milliseconds
money.bundle.com               25145 milliseconds
elections.latimes.com          14509 milliseconds
fresh.amazon.com               2458 milliseconds
windows.microsoft.com          23475 milliseconds
www.amazon.ca                  10772 milliseconds
www.aaf.org                    10425 milliseconds
www.myhabit.com                2291 milliseconds
www.7yearsyounger.com          26188 milliseconds
feeds.wamu.org                 3107 milliseconds
www.pehub.com                  73217 milliseconds
sports.xin.msn.com             24148 milliseconds
www.olapic.com                 4127 milliseconds
www.pulseopinionresearch.com   2947 milliseconds
www.tenmarks.com               4580 milliseconds
postbox.msn.com                26060 milliseconds
entertainment.xin.msn.com      26712 milliseconds
www.amazon.in                  15931 milliseconds
www.mcall.com                  51744 milliseconds
www.afterschool.com            14713 milliseconds
kb.iu.edu                      2637 milliseconds
www.networkadvertising.org     18910 milliseconds
lifestyle.xin.msn.com          27445 milliseconds
mediakit.latimes.com           50065 milliseconds
support.olapic.com             685 milliseconds
www.housebeautiful.com         26315 milliseconds
findnsave.washingtonpost.com   51173 milliseconds
www.TITANSOLARCO.COM           31176 milliseconds
www.fabric.com                 11890 milliseconds
onestart.iu.edu                545 milliseconds
investing.money.msn.com        43380 milliseconds
www.ift.org                    20441 milliseconds
thebubble.msn.com              27979 milliseconds
www.iun.edu                    2679 milliseconds
www.bookdepository.com         13257 milliseconds
www.iuk.edu                    2114 milliseconds
news.iu.edu                    1681 milliseconds
www.courant.com                57166 milliseconds
www.countryliving.com          31437 milliseconds
usatoday.com                   1095 milliseconds
www.iucat.iu.edu               5005 milliseconds
www.iusb.edu                   559 milliseconds
today.tumblr.com               7737 milliseconds
help.issuu.com                 3016 milliseconds
www.wag.com                    13052 milliseconds
www.iub.edu                    3655 milliseconds
iufoundation.iu.edu            1817 milliseconds
webmail.iu.edu                 1092 milliseconds
sfmoma.tumblr.com              4495 milliseconds
illinois.edu                   23148 milliseconds
public.govdelivery.com         824 milliseconds
www.ipfw.edu                   5715 milliseconds
museumstore.sfmoma.org         3012 milliseconds
www.iue.edu                    3478 milliseconds
service.usatoday.com           1108 milliseconds
www.ius.edu                    5308 milliseconds
affordability.iu.edu           3847 milliseconds
vervephoto.wordpress.com       60757 milliseconds
myaccount.sfmoma.org           2247 milliseconds
www.amazon.es                  23468 milliseconds
developers.issuu.com           2844 milliseconds
ideas.time.com                 55206 milliseconds
www.amazon.de                  23680 milliseconds
www.goodhousekeeping.com       36133 milliseconds
photos.xin.msn.com             32186 milliseconds
www.globalpost.com             53739 milliseconds
m.nber.org                     29062 milliseconds
living.msn.com                 40081 milliseconds
www.buzzfeed.com               53833 milliseconds
www.ft.com                     404 milliseconds
www.horizonsolarpower.com      31551 milliseconds
wordpress.com                  1389 milliseconds
meetings.aaas.org              1919 milliseconds
www.oaresciences.org           1642 milliseconds
foia.state.gov                 66750 milliseconds
m.iu.edu                       583 milliseconds
oncourse.iu.edu                501 milliseconds
www.amazon.fr                  27236 milliseconds
www.theatlanticwire.com        850 milliseconds
ledextract.ces.census.gov      6252 milliseconds
www.pinterest.com              39798 milliseconds
www.woot.com                   15027 milliseconds
spark.sciencemag.org           3770 milliseconds
eco.netvibes.com               1798 milliseconds
law.bepress.com                19584 milliseconds
www.nbcsports.com              33587 milliseconds
news.xin.msn.com               39358 milliseconds
www.lamag.com                  1444 milliseconds
aws.amazon.com                 26273 milliseconds
www.who.int                    608 milliseconds
www.aaas.org                   5934 milliseconds
video.sciencemag.org           4743 milliseconds
www.chicagotribune.com         66943 milliseconds
automattic.com                 4497 milliseconds
irjci.blogspot.sg              42033 milliseconds
www.randomhouse.com            52127 milliseconds
www.dailybulletin.com          4660 milliseconds
www.amazon.co.jp               30931 milliseconds
www.projectcounter.org         5542 milliseconds
www.abebooks.com               29308 milliseconds
promo.aaas.org                 5939 milliseconds
www.amazon.com.br              30804 milliseconds
www.mediabistro.com            1080 milliseconds
blogs.laweekly.com             719 milliseconds
social.entertainment.msn.com   54488 milliseconds
downtownnews.com               494 milliseconds
tv.msn.com                     54616 milliseconds
www.nbcolympics.com            14730 milliseconds
www.indiewire.com              140 milliseconds
www.aginternetwork.org         5479 milliseconds
bhs.econ.census.gov            15150 milliseconds
insidesocal.com                694 milliseconds
www.variety.com                452 milliseconds
www.shopbop.com                25510 milliseconds
www.thewrap.com                4600 milliseconds
www.alternet.org               66799 milliseconds
graphics.latimes.com           44214 milliseconds
www.laist.com                  1745 milliseconds
www.submit2science.org         1475 milliseconds
www.standard.net               12438 milliseconds
www.olmis.org                  1899 milliseconds
www.dailynews.com              12870 milliseconds
www.kcet.org                   10421 milliseconds
www.beautybar.com              35191 milliseconds
feeds.nbcnews.com              20577 milliseconds
quickfacts.census.gov          1539 milliseconds
www.ocweekly.com               10613 milliseconds
www.baltimoresun.com           75672 milliseconds
johnbtaylorsblog.blogspot.com  323 milliseconds
travel.xin.msn.com             50432 milliseconds
www.denverpost.com             746 milliseconds
www.zappos.com                 27797 milliseconds
www.sacbee.com                 10376 milliseconds
www.eastdane.com               33335 milliseconds
johnhcochrane.blogspot.com     1204 milliseconds
thoughtfulideas.blogspot.com   287 milliseconds
www.boomcalifornia.com         3646 milliseconds
www.printfriendly.com          2084 milliseconds
www.labusinessjournal.com      8641 milliseconds
boingboing.net                 6063 milliseconds
blogs.forbes.com               1822 milliseconds
www.emmasmemos.com             8823 milliseconds
www.presstelegram.com          15107 milliseconds
business.usa.gov               88786 milliseconds
blogs.kcrw.com                 7905 milliseconds
www.nationalreview.com         3147 milliseconds
highwire.stanford.edu          18947 milliseconds
www.orlandosentinel.com        79079 milliseconds
my.evidon.com                  638 milliseconds
www.aphotoeditor.com           80851 milliseconds
global.factiva.com             2057 milliseconds
allthingsd.com                 1002 milliseconds
www.dowjones.com               546 milliseconds
